This time we are asked: Suppose you have
'If P then Q' as a premise,
and 'P' as your other premise.
What follows by Modus Ponens?
Modus Ponens is the rule that says that
if you have a conditional as one of your
premises,
---here 'if P then Q'---
and you have its antecedent
as your other premise, here, 'P',
then you can
infer the consequent, 'Q'.
The answer here is 'Q'.
An example of this would be if
the conditional premise said "if you're
happy then
you clap your hands", and if the other
premise, 'P', said "you are happy",
well, from those two pieces of information---
if you're happy then you clap your hands,
and you are happy,
it follows that you do clap your hands, 'Q'.